Readme.md, before:


# Pomo  

  Command-line application for the [Pomodoro](http://www.pomodorotechnique.com/) time management technique.
  
## Description

With Pomo you can add, remove, list, view, and start timing tasks all via the 
command-line with a simple, slick interface. You are reminded of the remaining 
time on a task via Growl. These notifications appear half-way, at the 5 minute point, 
and when the task duration has expired. 

## Task Selection API

Taken from `pomo help`:

    Most of the subcommands work directly with tasks,
    and because of this pomo provides a unified task selection api
    shown below which can be used with most of the commands 
    (those with [task ...] in their synopsis). 
  
    n          : selects a single task by index : Ex: pomo remove 1
    [n ]+      : selects several tasks by index : Ex: pomo remove 2 8 1
    n..n       : selects a range of tasks       : Ex: pomo remove 5..9
    n..-n      : selects a range of tasks       : Ex: pomo remove 2..-1
    first      : selects the first task         : Ex: pomo remove first
    last       : selects the last task          : Ex: pomo remove last
    complete   : selects complete tasks         : Ex: pomo remove complete
    incomplete : selects incomplete tasks       : Ex: pomo remove incomplete
    all        : selects all tasks              : Ex: pomo remove all

## Examples

View global or command specific help:
    $ pomo help
    $ pomo help add
    $ pomo help remove

Get started by adding a task:
    $ pomo add "Fix IE stying issues"
    
And another:
    $ pomo add "Destroy IE" --description "because IE is terrible"
    
List your tasks:
    $ pomo list
        0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes
        1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes

Start the first task:
    $ pomo start
    Started Fix IE stying issues, you have 25 minutes :)
    (=........................) 24 minutes remaining
    
Once you have completed the task, list again:
    $ pomo list
      √ 0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes
        1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes
        
Or take a break:
    $ pomo break
    $ pomo break 10
    $ pomo break --length 10
        
List only remaining tasks:
    $ pomo list --incomplete
        1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes
        
List only completed tasks:
    $ pomo list --complete
      √ 0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes
        
At any time mid-task you may terminate pomo via CTRL + C, at which time
you may manually complete the task:
    $ pomo complete first
    $ pomo complete last
    $ pomo complete 1
    $ pomo complete all
    $ pomo complete incomplete
    $ pomo complete 5..7
        
The next time you run `pomo start` the first incomplete task will start:
    $ pomo start
    
Or choose a specific task:
    $ pomo start first
    $ pomo start last
    $ pomo start 5
    
You may also remove tasks
    $ pomo remove first
    $ pomo remove last
    $ pomo remove 2
    $ pomo remove 1
    $ pomo remove 6
    $ pomo rm first
    $ pomo rm 2..5
    $ pomo rm 1..-1
    
View task details:
    $ pomo view first
    $ pomo view last
    $ pomo view 5
    $ pomo view 1 2 3

Remove all tasks:
    $ pomo remove all
    $ pomo rm all
    
## License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, an d/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Default `pomo` to `pomo list`
So if you want to view your tass just enter `pomo`
instead :)

Readme.md, after:


# Pomo  

  Command-line application for the [Pomodoro](http://www.pomodorotechnique.com/) time management technique.
  
## Description

With Pomo you can add, remove, list, view, and start timing tasks all via the 
command-line with a simple, slick interface. You are reminded of the remaining 
time on a task via Growl. These notifications appear half-way, at the 5 minute point, 
and when the task duration has expired. 

## Task Selection API

Taken from `pomo help`:

    Most of the subcommands work directly with tasks,
    and because of this pomo provides a unified task selection api
    shown below which can be used with most of the commands 
    (those with [task ...] in their synopsis). 
  
    n          : selects a single task by index : Ex: pomo remove 1
    [n ]+      : selects several tasks by index : Ex: pomo remove 2 8 1
    n..n       : selects a range of tasks       : Ex: pomo remove 5..9
    n..-n      : selects a range of tasks       : Ex: pomo remove 2..-1
    first      : selects the first task         : Ex: pomo remove first
    last       : selects the last task          : Ex: pomo remove last
    complete   : selects complete tasks         : Ex: pomo remove complete
    incomplete : selects incomplete tasks       : Ex: pomo remove incomplete
    all        : selects all tasks              : Ex: pomo remove all

## Examples

View global or command specific help:
    $ pomo help
    $ pomo help add
    $ pomo help remove

Get started by adding a task:
    $ pomo add "Fix IE stying issues"
    
And another:
    $ pomo add "Destroy IE" --description "because IE is terrible"
    
List your tasks (or use `pomo` which defaults to `pomo list`):
    $ pomo list
        0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes
        1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes

Start the first task:
    $ pomo start
    Started Fix IE stying issues, you have 25 minutes :)
    (=........................) 24 minutes remaining
    
Once you have completed the task, list again:
    $ pomo list
      √ 0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes
        1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes
        
Or take a break:
    $ pomo break
    $ pomo break 10
    $ pomo break --length 10
        
List only remaining tasks:
    $ pomo list --incomplete
        1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes
        
List only completed tasks:
    $ pomo list --complete
      √ 0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes
        
At any time mid-task you may terminate pomo via CTRL + C, at which time
you may manually complete the task:
    $ pomo complete first
    $ pomo complete last
    $ pomo complete 1
    $ pomo complete all
    $ pomo complete incomplete
    $ pomo complete 5..7
        
The next time you run `pomo start` the first incomplete task will start:
    $ pomo start
    
Or choose a specific task:
    $ pomo start first
    $ pomo start last
    $ pomo start 5
    
You may also remove tasks
    $ pomo remove first
    $ pomo remove last
    $ pomo remove 2
    $ pomo remove 1
    $ pomo remove 6
    $ pomo rm first
    $ pomo rm 2..5
    $ pomo rm 1..-1
    
View task details:
    $ pomo view first
    $ pomo view last
    $ pomo view 5
    $ pomo view 1 2 3

Remove all tasks:
    $ pomo remove all
    $ pomo rm all
    
## License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, an d/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
