README.md, before:

# Pomo  

  Command-line application for the [Pomodoro](http://www.pomodorotechnique.com/) time management technique.
  
## Description

With Pomo you can add, remove, list, view, and start timing tasks all via the 
command-line with a simple, slick interface. You are reminded of the remaining 
time on a task via Notification Center, Growl, libnotify, or Quicksilver.
These notifications appear half-way, at the 5 minute point, and when the task
duration has expired. 

## Installation

    $ gem install pomo
    
## Task Selection API

Taken from `pomo help`:

    Most of the subcommands work directly with tasks,
    and because of this pomo provides a unified task selection api
    shown below which can be used with most of the commands 
    (those with [task ...] in their synopsis). 
  
    n          : selects a single task by index : Ex: pomo remove 1
    [n ]+      : selects several tasks by index : Ex: pomo remove 2 8 1
    n..n       : selects a range of tasks       : Ex: pomo remove 5..9
    n..-n      : selects a range of tasks       : Ex: pomo remove 2..-1
    first      : selects the first task         : Ex: pomo remove first
    last       : selects the last task          : Ex: pomo remove last
    complete   : selects complete tasks         : Ex: pomo remove complete
    incomplete : selects incomplete tasks       : Ex: pomo remove incomplete
    all        : selects all tasks              : Ex: pomo remove all

## Examples

  * View global or command specific help:

        $ pomo help
        $ pomo help add
        $ pomo help remove

  * Get started by adding a task:

        $ pomo add "Fix IE stying issues"
    
    And another:

        $ pomo add "Destroy IE" --description "because IE is terrible"
    
  * List your tasks (or use `pomo` which defaults to `pomo list`):

        $ pomo list
            0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes
            1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes

  * Start the first incomplete task:

        $ pomo start
        Started Fix IE stying issues, you have 25 minutes :)

  * Alternatively, you can start the first incomplete task with a progress bar:

        $ pomo start -p
        Started Fix IE stying issues, you have 25 minutes :)
        (=........................) 24 minutes remaining
    
  * Once you have completed the task, list again (alternatively `pomo ls`):

        $ pomo ls
          ✓ 0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes
            1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes
        
  * Or take a break:

        $ pomo break
        $ pomo break 10
        $ pomo break --length 10
        
  * List only remaining tasks:

        $ pomo ls --incomplete
            1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes
        
  * List only completed tasks:

        $ pomo ls --complete
          ✓ 0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes

  * At any time mid-task you may terminate pomo via CTRL + C, at which
    time you may manually complete the task:

        $ pomo complete first
        $ pomo complete last
        $ pomo complete 1
        $ pomo complete all
        $ pomo complete incomplete
        $ pomo complete 5..7

  * The next time you run `pomo start` the first incomplete task
    will start:

        $ pomo start
    
    Or choose a specific task:

        $ pomo start first
        $ pomo start last
        $ pomo start 5
    
  * You may also remove tasks:

        $ pomo remove first
        $ pomo remove last
        $ pomo remove 2
        $ pomo remove 1
        $ pomo remove 6
        $ pomo rm first
        $ pomo rm 2..5
        $ pomo rm 1..-1
    
  * View task details:

        $ pomo view first
        $ pomo view last
        $ pomo view 5
        $ pomo view 1 2 3

  * Remove all tasks:

        $ pomo remove all
        $ pomo rm all

  * Or if you prefer, create a directory specific task list. Pomo will
    auto-detect `./.pomo` in this directory, and utilize its contents.

        $ pomo init
    
## Configuration

Pomo uses `~/.pomorc` for configuration options.

Configuration options:

* `:notifier`: Notification library
    * Format: String
    * Default: depends on OS
    * Valid values: `notification_center`, `libnotify`, `growl`, `quicksilver`
* `:pomo_stat`: Write pomo timer to `~/.pomo_stat`
    * Format: Boolean
    * Default: `false`
    * Valid values: `true`, `false`
* `:tmux`: Refresh tmux status bar on timer change
    * Format: Boolean
    * Default: `false`
    * Valid values: `true`, `false`

For example on Mac OS X Mountain Lion, `~/.pomorc` defaults to:

    ---
    :notifier: notification_center
    :pomo_stat: false
    :tmux: false

## tmux Status Bar Integration

The pomo timer can be displayed in tmux's status bar with the following
configurations set:

    :pomo_stat: true
    :tmux: true

Then add the below to your `~/.tmux.conf`:

    set-option -g status-right '#($GEM_HOME/bin/_pomo_status)'

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Makes tmux integration more tightly integrated
The use of a generic ~/.pomo_stat file would be useful if users
want to display pomo status in more than just tmux. Until that
becomes apparent, let's just hard-code the tmux colors without all
the cat/sed parsing.

README.md, after:

# Pomo

Command-line application for the [Pomodoro](http://www.pomodorotechnique.com/)
time management technique, with notification and tmux status bar support.

## Description

With Pomo you can add, remove, list, view, and start timing tasks all via the 
command-line with a simple, slick interface. You are reminded of the remaining 
time on a task via Notification Center, Growl, libnotify, or Quicksilver.
These notifications appear half-way, at the 5 minute point, and when the task
duration has expired. Also, the Pomo timer can be displayed in your tmux
status bar.

## Installation

    $ gem install pomo
    
## Task Selection API

Taken from `pomo help`:

    Most of the subcommands work directly with tasks,
    and because of this pomo provides a unified task selection api
    shown below which can be used with most of the commands 
    (those with [task ...] in their synopsis). 
  
    n          : selects a single task by index : Ex: pomo remove 1
    [n ]+      : selects several tasks by index : Ex: pomo remove 2 8 1
    n..n       : selects a range of tasks       : Ex: pomo remove 5..9
    n..-n      : selects a range of tasks       : Ex: pomo remove 2..-1
    first      : selects the first task         : Ex: pomo remove first
    last       : selects the last task          : Ex: pomo remove last
    complete   : selects complete tasks         : Ex: pomo remove complete
    incomplete : selects incomplete tasks       : Ex: pomo remove incomplete
    all        : selects all tasks              : Ex: pomo remove all

## Examples

  * View global or command specific help:

        $ pomo help
        $ pomo help add
        $ pomo help remove

  * Get started by adding a task:

        $ pomo add "Fix IE stying issues"
    
    And another:

        $ pomo add "Destroy IE" --description "because IE is terrible"
    
  * List your tasks (or use `pomo` which defaults to `pomo list`):

        $ pomo list
            0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes
            1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes

  * Start the first incomplete task:

        $ pomo start
        Started Fix IE stying issues, you have 25 minutes :)

  * Alternatively, you can start the first incomplete task with a progress bar:

        $ pomo start -p
        Started Fix IE stying issues, you have 25 minutes :)
        (=........................) 24 minutes remaining
    
  * Once you have completed the task, list again (alternatively `pomo ls`):

        $ pomo ls
          ✓ 0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes
            1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes
        
  * Or take a break:

        $ pomo break
        $ pomo break 10
        $ pomo break --length 10
        
  * List only remaining tasks:

        $ pomo ls --incomplete
            1. Destroy IE                          : 25 minutes
        
  * List only completed tasks:

        $ pomo ls --complete
          ✓ 0. Fix IE stying issues                : 25 minutes

  * At any time mid-task you may terminate pomo via CTRL + C, at which
    time you may manually complete the task:

        $ pomo complete first
        $ pomo complete last
        $ pomo complete 1
        $ pomo complete all
        $ pomo complete incomplete
        $ pomo complete 5..7

  * The next time you run `pomo start` the first incomplete task
    will start:

        $ pomo start
    
    Or choose a specific task:

        $ pomo start first
        $ pomo start last
        $ pomo start 5
    
  * You may also remove tasks:

        $ pomo remove first
        $ pomo remove last
        $ pomo remove 2
        $ pomo remove 1
        $ pomo remove 6
        $ pomo rm first
        $ pomo rm 2..5
        $ pomo rm 1..-1
    
  * View task details:

        $ pomo view first
        $ pomo view last
        $ pomo view 5
        $ pomo view 1 2 3

  * Remove all tasks:

        $ pomo remove all
        $ pomo rm all

  * Or if you prefer, create a directory specific task list. Pomo will
    auto-detect `./.pomo` in this directory, and utilize its contents.

        $ pomo init
    
## Configuration

Pomo uses `~/.pomorc` for configuration options.

Configuration options:

* `:notifier`: Notification library
    * Format: String
    * Default: depends on OS
    * Valid values: `notification_center`, `libnotify`, `growl`, `quicksilver`
* `:tmux`: Refresh tmux status bar on timer change
    * Format: Boolean
    * Default: `false`
    * Valid values: `true`, `false`

For example on Mac OS X Mountain Lion, `~/.pomorc` defaults to:

    ---
    :notifier: notification_center
    :tmux: false

## tmux Status Bar Integration

The Pomo timer can be displayed in tmux's status bar with the following
configurations set:

    :tmux: true

Then add the below to your `~/.tmux.conf`:

    set-option -g status-right '#(cat ~/.pomo_stat)'

The timer will display with the default color when not active,
green during a Pomodoro, red during the last 5 minutes of a Pomodoro,
and blue during a break e.g.

![tmux status bar](http://i.imgur.com/uIzM3.png)

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
